welcome someone on some films I'm we're
doing fine what souvenirs are Willy
though the guy it says go to Willy with
a why like will why
but then admission is actually actually
cold Willy like W il L ie crazy I know
so I'm just going for a little walk
right now
nothing really helpful right now we're
looking for the band members we need to
get gold completion
there's no time them on this one it's
just we have to talk to the band members
before we beat the crap out of Willie
and steal his tooth so the band members
are upstairs so if we go around here
there's nice bar not some club so we're
gonna go upstairs
we're go left is the nothing really in
here just an empty room some security
cameras crap uninteresting and
apparently that's window as well so
other as a mirror as I say trove is
invisible but it's not it what stairs we
can come in that exit there if you do
very probably easier right here we come
in here we talk to these guys and they
have a little chat and that's one tick
tock the box the gold completion now we
just have to be the crap out of Willie
there's no weapons up here in her either
I thought it would be like a baseball
bat or something good there's not so
Willie's downstairs now it's gonna be
the crap out of him take his tooth and
now these guys are school craps there he
is
chatting up some bird he said some funny
shit talks about disgusting song man and
stuff Trevor's gonna jump on down there
like a boss as a good landing and now
he's gonna wail on him nobody starts
stomping him there's need get some good
hits in him come on hit me buddy
I want to counter it and I won two and
an extra one for the punch and you'll
see a little green coming out there it
is
he's tooth on the ground there we're
gonna push him down and take his truth
we don't get hit and now we're gonna leg
it the other way nerd and we get a car
if you don't have a car
my car's out back I'm an idiot I want to
take this car I'm just gonna hide from
the cops is die and that will be
basically the mission Queen I'm gonna
park here good spot now the cops take a
while because it's
two stars we're gonna sit here like a
minute a whole minute
ding-ding or we can make it look
exciting by pretending we're gonna get
caught by looking around we've got three
cops looking for us
all there's one coming down you got the
crime scene they seem pretty chill
there's a fast response time that's what
happens on your celebrity it's coming
down he's gonna drive right past us
we're flying there you guys so long
buddy didn't even see me just thinks I'm
a car parked in the driveway and any
second we should leaves are to star
rating there's another cop car coming
down here but look of it or not oh well
there we go now Trevor will call our
good buddy Nigel and be like hey I got
you - and we will get a gold medal we
were cool as that only wanted one as
much crap you can skip these
conversations as well if you're you know
if you're struggling to get gold and you
had to keep repeating phone calls you
can stick to speed it up a bit and like
it will save you time if you have a time
limit mission and character answers the
phone
hang up little tip for you so any second
mission passed so fist fury we didn't
get hit we talked to his entourage
that's gold medal
you